[Music]
very good my dear lovers of the
heart I hope you are enjoying
the day the one who is enjoying the day
for nothing is raquel boyo the former
collaborator of 'sálvame' and she is
angry because she got them into a mess
of three pairs of noses it turns out that
during the last week well sálvame
that you already know has no scruples
whatsoever she has no problem it is the
program par excellence to accuse
people of serious things and even
charge them with crimes
in the last week well
raquel bollo has been accused of seeing no more and no
less than twenty thousand euros to her landlord
the former collaborator would have rented the
house a luxury villa in a super
exclusive area of ​​​​Seville and it would be beyond
her means and well she would have been
without paying it no longer out of her
means but according to the
criticisms of these people she would focus
more on paying for other things and other
whims before paying the
obligations
not only have raquel bollo's children been
on sálvame who have come in
by phone to defend their mother and
say that this is not the case that little  They know
their mother if they think those things but they have
also called and they have had
holy water in the dish and if you will remember
holy water that was even in Big
Brother she is a girlfriend of
Raquel Bollo's son who is trying to make her way
in television what happens is that well they have not
given her much scope and I do not
think she will have it on this occasion more
than an afternoon besieged in Sálvame
doing what she is doing
Raquel Bollo has rehearsed live life
because well the first time they get her out
of serious things there was also a
story with a watch that she already wore a
watch it was a gift they got her into
trouble they accused her of a scam of
watches no a lady who had
stolen a watch valued at one hundred thousand
euros
they said that the watch was hers
then she made a mistake anyway things that
obviously cannot be allowed and now
Raquel Boyo says that well there
wants to have consideration for some of her
colleagues in the Calcio her
colleagues and such but that she has already
put everything in the hands of her lawyers that she is
not going to consent to this and that she is going to
take all the legal measures that she
can  all of them whether civil or criminal
with criminal complaints with whatever it
touches and the thing is that these high ones are fed up with them
putting their lives on the line in a way that is not
worth it according to what was on set Terelu
Campo says that she has checked the
rental contract as the house has been returned
but they are also telling you that the
house had been returned in a mess
basically destroyed little cared for
and well it seems that it is not true it
seems that there are papers and things that
prove the opposite do
you believe that power that this could be
a campaign against Raquel
Boyo for the position she has had with the
Rocito documentary I want to remind you
that Raquel Bollo's last appearance
on Salvame was good giving some
incredible sacks not because she said that okay
that it seemed right to her that she will fight
against gender violence or that
they will try to contribute something but that it was a
complete hypocrisy because they had her
abuser
doing the interview carrying the
reality shows and others that Antonio
Davis show who is an innocent person and
yet she who does have a sentence
against a man for abuse then she
finds herself with all the  opponents and
cases that were fatal for us were
absolutely fatally exposed and
Raquel Bollo's position could be known
what it has been throughout the documentary. It
's not that she has blindly supported Antonio David
or that Raquel Bollo
Marea Azul but the truth is that she has had the
most objective position possible, the most censored
possible and this could have
brought consequences and that they have had
three axes for those of Sálvame. I don't
know what you think, family two. I will be
reading the comments box. Don't
forget to subscribe to the channel. I send you
a huge hug and I'll see you in the
next one.
[Music]